foreign
[Music]
so I've noticed that a lot of people in
the comments take issue with my use of
the word queer in respect to the whole
Squad of CIS hetero hegemony resistance
some people have told me to just use
LGBT others have said to Simply say gay
for the whole crew because that's not
exclusionary at all
so seeing as how I apparently love
nothing more than poking Bears on the
internet I wanted to explain my
rationale behind this
which
ended up going a lot deeper than I
expected
shocker
[Music]
okay so LGBT this as a term started
being used in 1988 by some small groups
in the United States but didn't gain
mainstream use until the late 1990s
though it started out as G LBT because
gay men were running most of the
organizations and of course we had to
come first and then LGB because what the
hell is a trans person but eventually
LGBT became the accepted acronym mainly
because it could refer to the community
without any words that might trigger The
Straits
like lesbian okay or bisexual or
transgender
you know not people just letters
but as you can see from the initial
evolution of the term it has its
problems mainly that it in any use is
naturally exclusionary the only widely
agreed upon abbreviation is LGBT though
many people will use lgbtq or lgbtqia or
lgbtqia Plus or what's common here in
Canada lgbtqia 2s Plus
however when it comes to branding any
word longer than four syllables is an
absolute no-go and there's years of
market research to back this up so
mostly you wouldn't normally hear anyone
outside the community using anything
more than LGBT even though I've seen
some people use
lgbtq i p d o g s a a plus lesbian gay
bisexual transgender transsexual queer
questioning intersex pansexual
demisexual omnisexual genderqueer
straight asexual Ally Plus
JFC right now this is all in the name of
being as inclusive as possible which is
good we people of the alphabet soup are
excluded from enough spaces we don't
need to be [ __ ] and exclude each
other that goes there to the people with
just LGB listed in their Twitter
profiles but the thing is our community
has so many small niches of
self-identification that no matter what
version of alphabet soup you're using in
casual language you will likely be
excluding someone and then you get to
situations where people at Pride
festivals have to use some version of
the full thing seven or eight times in a
speech that's neither practical nor does
it accomplish the desired effect of
inclusion because you've either left a
letter out or someone has stopped
listening and thinks that you've left a
letter out because you've been reciting
a more complicated version of the ABCs
for the last
forever furthermore it opens up a door
for Selective and deliberate exclusion
as I mentioned with the LGB people on
Twitter or the G's and the L's who don't
want to acknowledge anyone else or a
society of allies that will Swoon at the
progress of lgbtqia plus representation
when there's actually just
gay people being represented or one
lesbian and half a scene and as an
anxious person who makes videos for and
about this community I can say that I
fully understand the amount of energy
put into overthinking if a given script
is leaving out a letter after spending
weeks writing and shooting a video just
to start editing and realizing I forgot
a letter because someone will get angry
at me for not including gender
non-conforming demisexual straight
allies this complaint is based on a true
YouTube comment and not to play the
gatekeeper but I'm not entirely
comfortable with having an a for allies
for a few reasons I've never heard an
ally refer to themselves as part of the
community I haven't heard a straight
person say I'm lgbtqia or check that off
on a survey as an identity option it's
like when expecting parents say we are
pregnant
no if a cisman is involved in this
process that is literally impossible
girls I know you want to make a complete
family and you want him to be involved
but he's not pregnant he's not up at 4
30 a.m puking his guts up he doesn't
have to stretch his dick hole out the
size of a coconut he doesn't have the
back problems the food cravings the
lifelong stretch marks unless he's trans
or non-binary and you've both hit the
baby batter at the same time
then yes you could both be pregnant
but not usually anyway allies I am
grateful for straight people who support
us and I'm grateful that straight people
recognize how amazing this community can
be at its best so much so that they
steal our culture any chance they get
and I am so grateful
straight guys in my life
who have been perfectly comfortable with
me staring at their asses thing is you
can go back to your straight lives
anytime you like you can be with us
while we come out be there to support us
but you don't experience it you don't
internalize the emotions or the
circumstances surrounding it maybe
straight CIS women have a better
understanding of what it's like because
they too come from a culture which
historically likes to Badger them into
certain expectations but even then
they've never had to sit their family
down and reveal that they've actually
been a woman this whole time at the end
of the day being an ally is a choice
regardless if it's a choice that you've
made because you just can't stand
Injustice it's still an action that you
chose this doesn't necessarily fit the
whole branding image that we queers are
as mother monster once sang Born This
Way But consistency
is a whole other problem with the
lgbtqip
so LG not the TV sexualities you like
people who have the same gender
appearance I mean there's problems with
that but we'll get into that a bit then
you have bisexual which used to mean
that you liked everyone
but then as we started to include gender
non-conformists into the larger
awareness of gender identity it meant
that you only liked people who binarily
identified as men or women
and now it seems that you can like
everyone again or not it depends on who
you ask so right after B comes T which
being trans has nothing to do with who
you want to have sex with a big problem
I've seen in the past among the sishats
is that a lot of people seem to be under
the impression that transgender is
actually a sexuality
are they willfully ignorant or simply
misinformed
debatable after that tea we have another
T this one stands for transsexual which
some say is different from transgender
While others say it's just an older term
meaning the same thing I'm sis so I'll
leave that argument up to other people
so after the t's we have q which itself
is ambiguous Q stands for queer or
sometimes questioning but usually queer
which is used as a placeholder and a
catch-all for everything that isn't
already described
which then is kind of redundant because
the letters after it go on to be more
specific then you get I I stands for
intersex which is neither a sexuality
and not necessarily an identity more
specifically it's a physiological
phenomenon as the phenotypical result of
chromosome combinations beyond the
simple x x and XY binary which
Jesus Christ biology so in genetics a
phenotype is the set of observable
characteristics or traits of an organism
the term covers the organism's
morphology or physical form and
structure its developmental processes
it's biochemical and physiological
properties Its Behavior and the products
of said Behavior among humans in this
context it basically means are you
visually identifiable as male or female
but intersex means that you're not
technically male or female on a
biological level
though you likely present as one or the
other which really gets under the skin
of the gender critical types who are
married to the idea that male and female
are etched in stone you'd think that
given that this has been a documented
component of biology and almost all
species that gender critical folks would
piss off because it is proof positive
that human beings do not exist
exclusively on a male female binary but
they're dumb and don't understand
biology despite their propensity to
pretend that they're biologists and I'm
greatly simplifying here for the sake of
time anyway a as I mentioned this means
allies or at least it did now there's
two ways because it could also mean
asexual which is a far more valid a to
have on the list but a lot of people are
reluctant to let asexuals into the inner
Circles of lgbtism the thought process
goes well if you're asexual then your
sexuality has no influence on your daily
life so GTFO it doesn't help that the
asexual or Ace Community itself is
splintered where the vast majority of
non-asexual people think they're
completely sexless and the vast majority
of media depicts them as emotionless
robots who are usually autistic when in
reality yes you do have the no sex folks
but also the very specific circumstances
folks and the only people I'm
emotionally attracted to folks and the
people I have no emotional attraction to
folks the phone sex only the cyber sex
only the I just like to watch and the
high libido asexual folks who have a
barrel of Ky next to their bed and
several terabytes of porn and within the
community itself there is gatekeeping
going on that's trying to say who on the
aforementioned list is a real asexual
then there's 2s or two-spirited which I
gotta say I love that North American
Pride organizations are acting like
their next level woke for their minimal
amount of effort to include First
Nations people because you know actually
going out of your way to help First
Nations people economically and or
socially would simply be absurd oh you'd
like help getting out of the giant
economic hole that we've put you in or
maybe help stopping native women being
murdered every other night how about a
new stripe on the pride flag instead
anyway throwing 2s into the mix is an
ice gesture
if nothing else though it does project
an idea of pre-colonial pan-americanism
where the whole of Native American
people represent a single monolithic
culture when in fact it was composed of
hundreds of tribes and languages North
America had more disparate native
cultures than Europe had white ones but
it's hard to acknowledge that now
because the English Dutch and French
genocided entire nations without a
second thought white people which cue
the I'm not like other white people
speeches from the ones who read a book
about First Nations beliefs in
spiritualism and then hang a
dreamcatcher on the wall you want to be
spiritual white people there are other
religions you know pray to Jupiter or
Odin there's all kinds of gods and
deities to pray to from Europe instead
of appropriating the beliefs of victims
of genocide we could give sermons to pan
speaking of pan Which can also be short
for pansexual which is the p in the LGBT
mess
essentially pansexual means that you're
attracted to anyone no matter how they
present on the gender Spectrum bottom
line is that the whole abbreviation
which it stopped being an abbreviation
about eight letters ago it's a big long
jumbled confusing mess of this isn't
really straight which caps off with some
cultural appropriation
especially when you attack on the plus
at the end of it what's the Plus for
some people say it's for HIV positive
folks which is good but a lot of people
in the community don't want to include
positive people so it's taken to be read
as just
Plus
like plus whoever else comes along which
isn't that what the queue is for it
seems to me the more we as the people of
the alphabet soup continue to identify
as things other than simply LGBT and or
t the more messy the acronym becomes
but cleaning it up isn't so simple
[Music]
foreign
another big reason why I dislike the
LGBT label is that it is a very
fragmented collection of identities
we're adding new letters to the mix all
the time as we carry on the old ones
which more research we do the more we're
indicating that our initial assumptions
about gender and sexuality were false
all right history lesson
so homosexuality was a term coined in
the late 19th century but didn't
actually achieve widespread use until
the mid-1900s this is a distinct sort of
switch in the way people thought about
sex acts between those of the same
physiological sex homosexual is a term
which refers to an individual and thus
paints same-sex attraction as an
intrinsic element of one's personality
but earlier phrases tell a different
story through most of christianized
Europe the descriptor was sodomites in
reference to the act of sodomy or also
tributism when referring to two women
later would come sexual inversion or
sexual deviants I like that second one
and yes queer was a term used but more
so to describe someone of a certain set
of behaviors in the same language as
dandeism in England though queer was a
bit more of a negative term it wasn't
explicitly derogatory though until the
late 1800s in the American Northwest
whereas Dandy was more of an endearment
queer in English just means weird
strange or outside the ordinary the key
difference was that before the budding
field of psychology sprung up around the
turn of the 20th century gay sex was an
action which led to engaging in gay sex
as a lifestyle Freud Kinsey and other
psychologists and sexologists sought not
only to draw people into categories but
also ascribe actions of an individual's
daily life to an inner fixed state of
personhood basically queer had been
something you did but now queer was
something that you were for whatever
good intention these researchers may
have had the public interpreted this
knowledge as there was now a category of
people for whom God-fearing
heteronormativity he was something they
were completely incapable of due to
their fixed psychological condition as a
homosexual I try to explain this to
people sometimes and they don't quite
realize just how much of a fundamental
shift in understanding this was consider
that criminal persecution was focused on
the specific Act of sodomy and fellatio
and that a sense of justice among the
public was rooted in punishing the
person who committed the act the
antagonism was directed at the act of
sex but following psychological
qualifications the antagonism was now
directed at the individual the
individual was homosexual it was
intrinsic to one's sense of being in
fact Freud's writings on the topic
stated that homosexuality was not
something someone was born with but the
result of a snag in early age
psychological development and while he
did believe that was no fault of the
individual it was still considered to be
a kind of defect or malformity basically
he thought we were the sexual version of
the Elephant Man but Freud was office
rocker and we don't have to take what he
said seriously but he was pivotal in
shifting a societal understanding of
queerness where anybody could be
homosexual if it was an element of
Developmental personhood or genetic
determinism then there might be no
apparent indication of this person's
queerness they could be hiding anywhere
suddenly the crime of being gay was not
the actual Act of sex but a matter of
being your actions were not illegal you
were illegal which correct me if I'm off
base here but
that seems a whole lot worse to me
at least from an internally
psychological level think of the way
that changed how we think of ourselves
for instance in Europe up until around
the early 1900s male male sex was seen
as something that every man was capable
of doing this is obvious in early
English writings about Italy where
wealthy parents were informed not to let
their sons travel there because the much
more sexually fluid Italian Catholic
boys would corrupt Englishmen into
same-sex engagements
because the gays could spread it
though even this was subject to vast
variants across Europe in terms of
attitudes towards sexuality the
prevailing concept of homosexuality was
taken for granted some guys like to
point other guys whether that was okay
or not dependent upon where you lived
and What social class you were in though
the thought process about sexuality as
being part of identity didn't really
factor into the question in fact
sexuality as a term and a concept wasn't
even used to describe what gender or sex
you were attracted to the subject of
someone's sexuality was a description of
their sexual habits which yes could be
same-sex attraction but more likely
we're going to be talking about what
Kinks they were into and if you're
wondering why this section is so
man-centric this is because the vast
majority of legal persecution of early
queers was focused on men firstly there
was just much less legal effort when it
came to documenting women in general
we're missing information on that front
so we can't really speak to it secondly
information about early lesbians kind of
results in men not really being willing
to talk about it in the legal case of
Radcliffe Hall she in her book The Well
of Loneliness depicted World War One
ambulance drivers as being primarily
lesbians English courts were really not
pleased with this depiction but women
who love women with such an
uncomfortable topic for them they threw
her case out of the courts and just let
her carry on in her happy life which is
mostly me trying to apologize for not
having as much fem on Femme content in
this video here have some Sarah ponsby
and Lady Eleanor Butler and their dog
sappho
[Music]
so the term homosexual was developed as
a term to reclassify an element of
culture that had existed since the dawn
of time in many pre-christian cultures
men boinking other men was simply an
element of the culture itself it was
seen as a deterministic inevitability
yeah we knew that Spartans were going to
Spartan but the more research is done
into ancient cultures the more we
learned that it was perfectly acceptable
to be in an openly male male
relationship we're also learning that
these ancient cultures did not in fact
place any stigma on bottoming Achilles
was a power bottom archaeological
anthropology as a whole is giving us a
version of history in which
pre-christianized societies had no
specific language for making a
distinction between same-sex and
heterosexual relationships as well being
very comfortable with members of society
who did not conform to gender binaries
to a much greater degree than we've ever
been willing to admit or aware of
Vikings and Celts and Goths didn't see
any reason to develop a descriptive
language for queerness because they
didn't see queer people as being
incompatible with how these societies
functioned being queer didn't mean you
couldn't build boats raise livestock
fight Wars or command fleets
in many cases gender non-conformity also
had positions within Society across
multiple societies homosexuality was
actually a term coined and pushed by
non-queer academics and regardless of
their intentions and regardless of how
it has shaped the progression toward
queer rights it itself is an invented
term but we keep celebrating this
concept of homosexuality as an inherent
truth when even our ancestors who were
queer friendly would have looked at it
as such a strange rigid qualification
and especially because it was used by
others to describe the group of us
rather than us opting to Define
ourselves the creation of the word gave
homosexual men and women something to
call ourselves an identity not just a
descriptor but we didn't come up with it
and now just look at the writing on the
wall every passing generation has a
growing number of people who identify as
bi or pansexual every year psychological
research tells us that sexuality and
gender are getting more and more fluid
and that outside of social conditioning
a lot of people don't really have strict
rules about gender attraction at all
which
is going to end up adding a lot more
letters the alternative is what we have
now I see a major cultural push to
funnel people into a limited finite
number of acceptable identities which
have been pre-approved by The Straits
you'll notice a pattern that queer folks
who the straights are still comfortable
bullying are those who choose not to fit
into one of the very reasonable
selections that they've been offered
it's an expected compromise yes the
Straits will let us get married but only
if we exist as the kind of gaze that
they're okay with which should be a bit
off-putting to the alphabet soup people
around us who don't like the word queer
the straights control what is okay what
we can call ourselves do you realize how
many other things they've called us
which were in objective sense probably
way more dehumanizing and sometimes just
stupid like yeah they've called us
but I can't in my right mind imagine
being upset at being called a cream puff
like if someone calls me a cream puff
there's just gonna be a big old okay
Boomer eye roll and
whenever someone tries to insult me with
queer
then I just feel bad that they're so
disconnected from the modern world that
they resort to an outdated insult
there's a point where someone is so
disconnected from reality that they
don't matter anymore let's take a moment
to remember the archaic and forgotten
insults to queer people
[Music]
and this is the wonderful part about
language things change do you think it
matters that the original definition of
ultimate meant that it was just
something at the end of a list no people
don't give a [ __ ] they're gonna say
ultimate because it means awesome best
biggest incredible amazing show-stopping
spectacular words don't have any
inherent value they mean what we think
they mean so if everyone thinks that
queer is an insult that's what it
becomes and besides if you've got a
younger group of gabies growing up with
a positive take on the word queer why do
you want to tell them that it's a bad
word why do you want people to feel more
oppressed than they already do like I
get that you don't like the word
probably for some very valid reasons
that we'll get into but it was never the
word that was attacking you it was the
homophobe the religious zealot the bigot
words themselves don't mean anything but
they carry meaning and if you choose to
see this word as carrying hatred and
bigotry especially when this is a word
that is largely outside of the realm of
common use you are choosing to carry the
pain and suffering from your past into
the present
and given shifting attitudes toward
queer folk in many places in the world
that is pain and suffering that does not
need to be here which we can certainly
do without though we're going to face
some difficulties from the older
generations of people who have grown up
in a world where you were meant to shape
your entire identity around your
sexuality either in Conformity to
stereotypes or in spite of them and to
them I don't really have anything
reassuring to say we're not living in
the same world that we were and the
younger generations of gay and trans
babies have every right to Define
themselves as you fought for the right
to Define yourselves it would be a bit
hypocritical of us to turn around and
say
um no actually we defined ourselves this
way so you have to Define yourself the
same way especially as the way we
defined ourselves as insufficient to
describe developments and how we are
coming to discover and ReDiscover gender
and sexual expression
foreign
[Music]
the word queer is already being widely
adopted despite resistance by the old
guard in academic circles queer theory
is the term used by many within social
and literary criticism because you know
a bunch of literate queers wanted to
qualify the interactive and reactive
elements within the many factions of
queer culture and their relation to the
hetero world and if a room full of
pig-headed academics can agree the queer
is a term that can apply to the room as
a whole
maybe it's something we should think
about have you ever been in a room with
an academic
you can't even agree with themselves but
regardless of this not only is queer
useful as a description of the
overarching collection of often Misfit
identities it's entirely appropriate to
repurpose an archaic insult into
something that can be interpreted by
many as a positive so my big question to
everyone who doesn't like the idea is
why do you want to make a world
with more negativity in it if queer is
an insult then that's just one more
negative word in the world
straight people took an otherwise
unremarkable word removed it from word
neutrality and made it into something
malignant and by us allowing that word
to continue to be a negative not only
are we perpetuating that hatred but we
are giving straight people an insane
amount of power
over how we the queers identify
ourselves why should the Straits
influence us so much
we should be influencing them by
shifting queer into the category of
exclusive language like many of you
constantly harass me about you are
letting a negative toxic hetero hegemony
limit your language
if you want to limit your own language
that's fine because it's a result of the
self making an assertion of what one is
comfortable with
but I have strong ethical concerns about
living in an apparently politically
correct Society where the class of
reformed oppressors are still dictating
our existence
hold on a minute really let that sink in
this time they are not limiting our
actions but rather and this is worse
shaping the way we think about ourselves
and that isn't to dismiss the pain and
suffering that people have gone through
queer has been used as an insult within
lived history yes and your trauma
matters but there is a problem when you
are telling others that they should have
your trauma why do you want more people
to have trauma isn't that the entire
point of gay queer whatever rights
remember when that's gay was an insult
basically someone saying that something
that they didn't like was gay
that's what I grew up with
gay was the worst word in the world
now when someone says that's gay they
mean
yeah that's pretty gay gay pride and
then out comes the I don't understand
why we need new gay representation we
have plenty of gay movies from the 90s
and they helped me
so these damn kids complaining about not
having any gay movies just need to watch
in and out yes
in and out
Pinnacle of filmmaking and remains
relevant to Modern queer audiences
around the world
culture defined and then emerges this
kind of toxicity within the queer
Community where all you'll ever need has
already been done
which is a very inspiring message by the
way to automatically snap back in
history to more homophobic and
transphobic decades
identify with queers facing 20 year old
problems and if you're a creator
you're just [ __ ] out of luck might as
well give up everything we need has
already been done feed the machine of
dredging up suffering from the past and
twisting it into something that can fit
in today all the while ignoring members
of our community who today suffer and
are underrepresented and who suffer
because they are not represented we lost
an entire generation of queer artists
because of AIDS we don't need to stifle
the Next Generation
[Music]
I realize that there's a few
contradictions developing here at the
same time that I'm advocating replacing
one overarching umbrella term LGBT for
another queer I'm also pushing for a
stronger presence in self-identification
how does changing the overarching
descriptive term accomplish that and
furthermore how does it help bolster the
voices of internal communities in a way
that LGBT doesn't already do well for
starters someone will have to make a
conscious decision am I referring to the
whole Community or am I just referring
to a singular group because as a single
word queer refers to a specific idea
whereas LGBT refers to many things
however in practice there is an
encouragement to default to LGBT when
even just one of the given identity
criteria are met speaking to the most
publicly accepted and privileged of us
does not facilitate a presence for the
entire community and especially in idle
conversations when people gloss over the
letters and CIS people are especially
guilty of this it's like they aren't
really aware of what the letters
actually stand for instead they just
vomit out the jumble of sounds because
this is what they've been told they're
supposed to say
and they're going to stick to the script
God damn it but these aren't words
they're letters and letters don't carry
the history of the words that they
represent but if people start using
queer maybe they'll take half a second
to acknowledge to themselves The
Suffering that has been inflicted on the
queer community that is still inflicted
on this community and will continue to
be inflicted for as long as we keep
declaring every narcissistic twink on
YouTube and Wall Street gay to be a
champion of lgbtqia plus rights
maybe they'll think
maybe I shouldn't call this queer
representation because this does not
represent all queers
it only represents the gays or the
lesbians or the bias or the trans people
or the envies because it's not like
being queer means that lesbian and trans
and non-binary will just vanish in fact
I hope that having a singular term will
help these communities have the ability
to describe their own presence in the
world
suddenly Hollywood journalists will
maybe stop saying that a movie has
lgbtqia plus representation when really
there's just a cyclops monster lady like
as far as visible clearly stated
representation goes that's just L
representation and that's fine that's
that's more than fine that's great
lesbian representation but having a
cyclops lesbian in a movie does not
qualify for representing trans people
and saying that a movie has lgbtqia plus
representation when it's only
representing one letter is bad
I want media to be clear and distinct
about what identities are being
presented
don't give a Studio lgbtqia Plus Credit
points for having a lesbian sister
character or a gay best friend and
that's it
not all lgbtqia plus people get equal
time in the spotlight
let's talk about media actually since
that's kind of my wheelhouse two TV
shows that both are described as having
lgbtqia plus representation Queer as
Folk and Shameless
Queer as Folk is a show about a group of
gay and lesbian friends in turn of the
Millennium Pittsburgh and focuses mainly
on a whole host of queer issues
including gay bashing same-sex marriage
monogamy drugs and addiction
relationships between HIV positive and
negative people coming out porn
surrogacy family Dynamics and dealing
with anti-gay politicians
Shameless on the other hand is a show
about an impoverished family in Chicago
trying to get by as the city gentrifies
and their flawed upbringings lead them
down paths that destroy opportunities
for Education career advancement and
emotional stability which one sounds
more lgbtqia plus inclusive if you
haven't watched them you might be
surprised to find out that it's not the
one about gay people
queers folk focuses almost entirely on
gays and lesbians with a hint of
bisexuality around the edges and that's
it
one of my favorite shows of all time but
it's very LGB focused which isn't a bad
thing but we can't really say it's an
lgbtqia Plus show while Shameless which
is ostensibly a straight show about
poverty actually is far more inclusive
of the lgbtqia spectrum we've got queer
characters like Monica the never around
mom of the family who's pansexual Ian
her gay son who actually had his own
vomiting scene after being forced to
have sex with a woman a nice Twist on a
very tired trope
Mickey Ian's OTP who is also gay in a
bossy bottom but who gets married to a
woman at one point in the series The
Woman being Svetlana a bisexual Russian
who ends up in a three-way relationship
with another by character V and her
husband Kev Ian's sister Debbie is
eventually bisexual with multiple
girlfriends and Ian dates trans man
Trevor for a while who was probably the
most down-to-earth and stable character
to appear on the show and they're just
the characters with major story arcs
there's a lot more so the straight show
actually has far more lgbtqia plus
representation than the show with queer
in the title and yet the objective of
Queer as Folk
is to discuss issues and elements of the
queer Community as a whole
perhaps not as inclusive as it could
have or should have been but it speaks
more to a queer state of being even as
Shameless has it beat for quantifiable
representation check boxes which is what
my hope for the word queer would be
LGBT is a term which basically functions
as a checklist a head count but it's
really hard to qualify an overarching
culture of shared values it's hard to
talk about lgbtqia plus culture because
it refers to the political and
sociological status of the group of
people it represents queer has greater
flexibility in describing not only the
collection of these people but also
referring to the collective and shared
culture between them
at the same time the syntax itself makes
it less appropriate to refer to queer
representation when speaking to
representation of individual internal
communities would be more proper plus
making it a word that has been formerly
used as a slur
may make the straight second guess just
using it by default
so when there's lesbian representation
without trans representation they'll say
lesbian representation instead of giving
a studio or network a pat on the back
for diversity they didn't earn
[Music]
[Applause]
but at the end of the day we really need
to start to unify and recognize the
individual needs within various groups
in the community and while that may seem
to be contradictory I don't think we
specifically the more privileged
elements within the community can really
address those needs without coming
together yes we are divided in our
identities but that doesn't mean we need
to be divided in our common objectives
the whole I've got mine it's up to you
to get yours has never been in season
and frankly it's a bad look on anyone
let's be honest anything and everything
can be used or misused as an insult
against us
you think it's a mental slip that Boomer
politicians say transgender to people
why do we condemn words so deeply while
ignoring the intention laid behind them
if you say fact while talking about how
much you love your tragically gay best
friend group you're homophobic but if
you pass harmful or dismissive
legislation while describing these
people as the LGBT community you're
doing great focusing on language and
politically correct language makes it so
easy for people to persecute us and
Escape consequences because technically
they're saying the right things if
that's all we care about using the right
language then we're just gonna let the
rest of society walk all over us we
already let ourselves get tone policed
every time one of us gets angry at
something that we should be angry about
the sish head folks cross their arms and
say well that's not how you make friends
you need to focus on getting people on
your side which
sure but at the same time
we would rather just be treated like
human beings without having to jump
through hoops while our allies hold our
rights hostage for our good behavior if
we take every word that has ever been
used against us and tell ourselves that
we can't say it we're going to become
very illiterate very quickly but we also
possess the transformative power of
looking at something hateful and taking
it away from our haters by removing
their language of hate we remove their
power over us at least some of it it
doesn't stop there granted they still
have legal protections to hate us but we
can take away their ability to force us
to react to their hate we're here we're
queer and by slinging insults at us
they're only demonstrating that they're
choosing not to ignore us which
a bunch of grown ass Christian men
obsessing over half-naked muscle Queens
grinding on each other on a pride float
that's kind of gay the straighter option
would just be to not think about it
try it
I know it's hard and if you don't want
to identify as queer that's fine I can't
make you do anything unless you're into
that but I can say that the future does
not belong to us we can only push it in
the direction that we like and see what
sticks with young people
but what's the point in having Pride if
we're not proud to be different
to be outside the normal to be queer
if we're ashamed of being queer of being
different then isn't this a fundamental
failure of Pride on a basic level I mean
why would you want to be proud of being
like everyone else
congratulations you can function on a
base level of boringness established by
generations of restrictive social
conditioning hooray assimilation
successful
so in closing
as the emotional music swells
I'm not here to make you cry today just
don't be basic
be clear
[Music]
thank you